What is needed? Yeah,
what do we need when we do not have the
DevOps permissions to do so?
And Matt said we shouldn't do it,
Mhm.
and something happened there with Matt in
the past. But do you know the details?
Yep, basically what is the problem?
The problem is that on the,
I can show you as well, maybe it's better.
So in the test and also on the prod
environment,
service and cloud service and cloud
functions are publicly accessible.
So basically, for example,
TMS Bridge is also the cloud service.
It is publicly accessible,
so our application and functions can
communicate with this TMS service without.
require authentication.
So this is difference between test and
Mhm.
dev and on the development environment,
we don't have that.
We have like required authentication,
so I can show you now.
Sorry,
let me hide between the cloud functions
So...
of Cloud for Lock and Mark Hunt,
so the uploader and the bridge or where,
which connection is that?
So you can see here on the test
environment,
you can see that everything is publicly
accessible.
Yeah.
But on the...
Yeah.
Development environment is required
identification.
Mhm.
So, TMS Bridge is not allowed to,
our function is not allowed to
communicate with TMS Bridge.
For now, on the development environment,
because it's not like we don't have any
Yeah.
publicly accessible endpoint,
and we also cannot create DNS private DNS,
like,
because we don't have permissions on the..
Mhm.
.
project where the development network is.
I got it.
So, here we don't have any permissions.
Yeah.
So, I...
So,
the where on the cloud functions in
workload four or five, they are in four,
right?
Over full of five.
Five, as well.
Yep, so this is the, the...
So.
Uhh.
Uhh...
And...
So public in this sense here,
does it make it public in the global
World Wide Web sense or just within the
virtual private network?
Team.
So basically I think that we should like
create those services public accessible
so we can like ping and communicate like
our function can communicate with this
service and after that when we test
everything and everything is working.
We can, like,
see how we can maybe create architecture
that it's not that the public access is
not required.
So, I think that is...
I think that's where the discussion is
around.
Um...
Yeah.
But have you talked to Nikolay about this?
Because we have had discussions about
Yep.
service accounts.
Yep, I had,
and we worked together on the on this
particular development environment for
this cloud new DMS bridge,
because he deployed those on the test
environment as well,
so he deployed those on a development
environment.
We created load balancers for Kicklock
and TMS Bridge, but yeah,
it's not working because it's not
publicly accessible.
Okay.
And we...
So, yeah,
I get the point of now that they don't
want this publicly available.
Yeah,
but the problem is that we have a similar
setup on prod and test environment,
so we didn't like think about that.
Mhm.
We like didn't consider those facts that
they don't want like publicly accessible.
Yeah.
Services,
because they are like on the test and and
prod as well, so uh,
it's kind of hard to to to predict those
Yeah.
things.
It's 2 topics. One is you could say,
let's make it unified. And there,
The
dev is exotic.
It should align with test and prod,
meaning it should be public, yes.
And the second topic is mid-long term.
We don't want these things to be public.
We need a strategy of how to get rid of
Yes.
it. That's the second stream.
It should not block the project,
meaning I will try to convince them to
adopt DEF to the other pattern. Yes,
and in parallel,
Yep.
we can talk about how to get rid of the
public.
Yes, I think that is the best case,
and best case is another.
Yeah.
Goods.
Okay, is there anything else, Matthias,
or to Mihailo regarding the mock data?
Anything that we should discuss with
Mihailo, Matthias?
Yeah, I think that...
I think, yeah, sorry.
Yeah, yeah, I think.
I not mock data or prod data, Mihailo,
but please, yeah.
I'm not sure about those mock datas and
databases,
so maybe Yosif is a more suitable person
to discuss with.
Mhm.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
No, that's all right. Okay. Then, yeah,
thanks for the feedback, Mihailo,
I.
and for quickly summarizing for us.
What's the issue from your perspective?
P.
And then Matthias,
let's continue and like wrap it up for
Christian to address those topics.
Yeah.
OK, cool.
Yeah.
That's all, Mihailo. Thank you very much.
Okay, thank you guys. See ya.
Yeah, thanks.
See ya, bye.
Okay.